SHUBHANGI MISHRA                                                    
shubhangi3mar@gmail.com Github Profile @Shubhangi 
+91- 9310735828 LinkedIn Profile @Shubhangi 
Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University, Delhi 
Bachelor of Technology in CSE-Industrial Internet of Things 
Indian Institute of Technology-Madras (IIT-Madras) 
Bachelor of Science in Data Science and Applications (Online Degree) 
2021-25 
CGPA: 8.7 
2022-25 
CGPA: 7 
Artificial Intelligence intern, Code Stand LLC                                                                                                                         
Remote Intern - Florida, USA 
Jul-Dec 2024 
• Worked in a U.S. based startup remotely and developed AI solutions for recruiters and applicants using AI that streamlines 
the recruiting process and also helps in interview preparation of the candidate. 
Blockchain Development intern, GSSIPU 
Intern, New Delhi 
Sept-Oct 2023 
• Worked under my college professor as a blockchain intern and developed Decentralized application along with understanding 
deep concepts of Blockchain, huge focus on was on developing multi-user blockchain dapp. 
International Project Contributor, Omdena  
Remote project contributor (UAE Chapter) 
Aug-sept 2023 
• Contributed to the Abu Dhabi Open Data Intelligence project, collaborating with the Omdena community to develop a voice/text 
engine for advanced data analytics using Falcon LLM, prioritizing ethical AI practices. 
Research paper accepted in IC4S’05 Volume’02 
Mar 2024 
• The paper titled as “Securing Digital Integrity: A comprehensive Framework for Deepfake Detection and Blockchain Validation 
in Static Visual Content” is submitted to Lecture notes in networks and Systems (LNNS, Springer) for publication. 
Appian AI application Challenge @ IIT-Madras, Runner up (30k INR) 
Jan 2024 
• Created a Business Automation AI powered Application for a problem statement focusing on education of University of South 
Florida, and won a prize of 30K INR. 
Google Cloud Study Jam Facilitator’23, Tier – 1 
Oct-Nov 2023 
• As a Google Cloud Study Jam facilitator, I empowered learners to master Google Cloud technologies through hands-on labs and 
guidance, and enabled my GDSC to land in Tier-1. 
AWS AI/ML Scholarship 
Jun-Nov 2023 
• Awarded with an AWS sponsored Nano-Degree from Udacity, worth 4000 USD for AI Programming with Python. Among the top 
1000 applicants worldwide. 
Image Classifier and command line application (AIML Project) Python, Tensorflow, Keras, Numpy, Pandas. Source Code 
• Developed an Image classifier command line application with using VGG, Alexnet and Resnet as the model architecture. 
LLM based text application (AIML - NLP Project)     Python, transformers, huggingface, numpy, pytorch Source Code 
• This app summarizes, translates, expands and Fact checks the text provided to it, it can also answer your questions like 
ChatGPT. It works on API calls to the LLMs for fetching the output.  
Cryptocurrency Exchange (Blockchain Project)    JavaScript, Cranq, Solidity, Goerli ETH, React js, Metamask Source Code 
• Cryptocurrency exchange Dapp which is multi-user and multiple people with the same smart contract address can interact with 
it and know about other people’s transactions. 
• Smart contract is built and deployed using new technology called Cranq, which enables to understand each connection deeply. 
Map Navigator (DSA Project) 
A* star algo, Dijkstra algo, Best first Search 
• Developed an efficient map navigation algorithm, reducing average route-planning time by 40%. Successfully achieved a 95% 
accuracy rate in delivering optimal directions and shortest travel routes for user. 
Oximeter and Pulse Calculator (IOT Project) Arduino, Sensor integration 
• Capable of sensing blood oxygen and pulse rate with the use of MAX30100, Arduino uno and HC-05 bluetooth module and 
display it on OLED display. 
• Fidutam, INDIA-Chapter, Country Head 
• Google DSC(GDSC-USAR), Cloud Lead 
• GGSIPU ACM-W, Head of Public Relations 
• GGSIPU ACM-W, Research Lead & Web Developer 
Aug 2023-present 
Aug 2023-24 
May 2023-24 
May 2023-24 
Programming Languages: C /C++, Python, Java, MySQL, HTML, CSS, ReactJs, JavaScript, Django, Typescript.  
MongoDb, Relational Database, Google Cloud Platform, Azure Data Factory, Azure Synapse Analytics, NoSQL. 
Development: Web Design and Development, Blockchain Development. 
Data Analytics: R, Python, SQL, MATLAB, Numpy, Scikit learn, Pandas, Power BI. 
Technical Skills: Machine learning, IoT, Web development, Web 3.0, TCP/IP, Network programming, Linux/Unix, Windows 
environment, Github, Artificial Intelligence, Cloud platforms, RESTful API, distributed systems, information retrieval, Docker. 
Relevant Coursework: Design and Analysis of Algorithms, Operating Systems, Object Oriented Programming, Database 
Management System, Software Engineering, System Design, Data Structure and Algorithm, Data Visualization. 
• Soft Skills: Public Speaker (Debate winner (1st position)), Problem Solving, Self-learning, Leadership, Adaptability.